I know you are a real retail investor,
But why do you have to say something bright?
It was already very difficult for a few people in the family to accommodate themselves. You said,
Are things getting out of hand?
It is obviously the end of the old lady's army,
You believe me, the bigger this thing is, the more childish it is.
It is your duty only to turn everyone into a regular soldier.
She doesn't order so clean up the noble appearance of your face.
But why are you who you are?
Now everyone they already know,
Only an old man can analyze your future affairs.
You can't be rushed in this kind of loose goods, you are not a female companion of high energy.
Come on, they made a mistake.
Then why have you ever had a problem with Bai Si in your life?
I just mean what I mean
Are you still designing?
I am my design
Where should I go so late?
I think twice about going back
I’ll compare the details of the legend tomorrow.
Have a drink
But the rice will be cooked
Ever since you suddenly got married
It's not like it's too much.
I can’t even walk here from the company’s house
The general manager came out with me when he had time.
Don't you want to cry?
Let's think about it as a family
We don’t have much else on the North Shelf
Very difficult but the most